docs(extension.md): add detailed features section (#195)
NomicFoundation/hardhat-vscode: EXTENSION.md

  - [Provide accessibility by adding `public`/`private` to function signature](#adding-publicprivate-to-function-signature)

Built by the [Nomic Foundation](https://nomic.foundation/). [We’re hiring](https://nomic.foundation/hiring).

---

- [Hardhat for Visual Studio Code](#hardhat-for-visual-studio-code)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Hardhat Projects](#hardhat-projects)
    - [Monorepo Support](#monorepo-support)
  - [Formatting](#formatting)
    - [Formatting Configuration](#formatting-configuration)
  - [Feedback, help and news](#feedback-help-and-news)

---

## Installation

**Hardhat for Visual Studio Code** can be installed by [using the Visual Studio Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=NomicFoundation.hardhat-solidity).

Some features (e.g. inline validation, quick fixes) are still experimental and are only enabled within a [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/) project, this is a limitation that will be lifted with future releases.

## Features

### Code Completions

> In addition to reference completion (e.g. contract instances, globally available variables and built-in types like arrays), **Hardhat for Visual Studio Code** has completions on import directives.

Reviewer: I find this a bit difficult to understand. What about something like:

```suggestion
**Hardhat for Visual Studio Code** autocomplete references to existing symbols (e.g. contract instances, globally available variables and built-in types like arrays) and import directives (i.e. it autocompletes the path to the imported file).
```

Feel free to change the wording, my suggestion is mostly about ordering.
